Document TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments for mixed frameworks/extensions (#53371)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-with-dotnet-test.md

- xUnit.net uses `--filter-trait` while MSTest uses `--filter`, and each framework rejects the other's options.
- A project that references `Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.HangDump` accepts `--hangdump`, but a project without that extension fails on the same option.

Use the [`TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments`](../project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#testingplatformcommandlinearguments) MSBuild property with conditions to pass arguments only to the projects that understand them.

### Use MSBuild conditions to route arguments

Define custom MSBuild properties for the framework-specific arguments, and conditionally append them to `TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments` in a `Directory.Build.props` or `Directory.Build.targets` file. Use a condition that checks for a property set by the test framework's SDK or NuGet package to determine which framework each project uses.

> The following example shows a `Directory.Build.props` file for a solution mixing MSTest (with MSTest.Sdk) and xUnit.net projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a `Directory.Build.props` file for a solution that mixes MSTest (with MSTest.Sdk) and xUnit.net projects:
```

Reviewer: (Less ambiguous for localization)

> 

Reviewer 2: UsingMSTestSdk is set by MSTest.Sdk before Sdk.props of Microsoft.NET.Sdk. So it's correct to use this property in Directory.Build.props.

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments
    Condition="'$(UsingMSTestSdk)' == 'true'"
    >$(TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments) $(MSTestSpecificArgs)</TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments>
  <TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments
    Condition="'$(UsingMSTestSdk)' != 'true'"
    >$(TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments) $(XUnitSpecificArgs)</TestingPlatformCommandLineArguments>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > `UsingMSTestSdk` is a property defined by `MSTest.Sdk`. If your MSTest projects don't use `MSTest.Sdk`, use a different condition. Check whether your test framework's SDK or NuGet package already sets a property you can use. If it doesn't, define your own property in each project and condition on that property instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `UsingMSTestSdk` is a property defined by `MSTest.Sdk`. If your MSTest projects don't use `MSTest.Sdk`, use a different condition. Check whether your test framework's SDK or NuGet package already sets a property you can use. If it doesn't, define your own property in each project and condition on that property instead (in this case, use Directory.Build.targets instead).
```

With this configuration in place, you can pass framework-specific arguments from the command line using MSBuild properties:

```dotnetcli
dotnet test -p:MSTestSpecificArgs="--filter FullyQualifiedName~IntegrationTests" -p:XUnitSpecificArgs="--filter-trait Category=Integration"
```

Each test project receives only the arguments relevant to its framework, and the other framework's arguments are never passed.

> ### Common scenarios

Reviewer 2: This whole "Common scenarios" section is too wordy IMO without giving user and more useful info. Everything seems to be well explained from previous.

The following table lists some common options that differ between frameworks and can be routed using this pattern:

| Scenario | MSTest / NUnit | xUnit.net |
|----------|---------------|-----------|
| Test filtering | `--filter <expression>` | `--filter-trait`, `--filter-class`, `--filter-method`, `--filter-query` |

> | JUnit report | `--report-spekt-junit` (via spekt logger) | `--report-xunit-junit` |

Reviewer 2: `--report-spekt-junit` should also work for xUnit. This table seems to not be giving the correct idea.

> | Ignore zero tests | `--ignore-exit-code 8` | `--ignore-exit-code 8` |

Reviewer 2: I don't get the point you're trying to make by this example.
